models/units/MonetaryUnit.java
 models.units.MonetaryUnit
services/components/FileName.java
 services.components.FileName
models/exceptions/ServiceLayerException.java
 models.exceptions.ServiceLayerException
models/exceptions/DaoLayerException.java
 models.exceptions.DaoLayerException
models/units/components/Identifiable.java
 models.units.components.Identifiable
models/DAOs/proxy/DaoProxyHandler.java
 models.DAOs.proxy.DaoProxyHandler
models/exceptions/ExceptionMessage.java
 models.exceptions.ExceptionMessage
models/exceptions/ServletLayerException.java
 models.exceptions.ServletLayerException
servlets/MainServlet.java
 servlets.MainServlet
models/DAOs/AbstractDao.java
 models.DAOs.AbstractDao
models/units/PreciousMetal.java
 models.units.PreciousMetal
models/DAOs/CsvDao.java
 models.DAOs.CsvDao
models/units/components/Price.java
 models.units.components.Price
models/DAOs/mappers/CsvMapper.java
 models.DAOs.mappers.CsvMapper
models/units/Stock.java
 models.units.Stock
models/DAOs/DBDao.java
 models.DAOs.DBDao
models/DAOs/AbstractFileDao.java
 models.DAOs.AbstractFileDao
models/units/FinancialUnit.java
 models.units.FinancialUnit
models/DAOs/XMLDao.java
 models.DAOs.XMLDao
 models.DAOs.XMLDao$1
models/DAOs/JsonDao.java
 models.DAOs.JsonDao
 models.DAOs.JsonDao$1
models/Validator.java
 models.Validator
models/units/Cryptocurrency.java
 models.units.Cryptocurrency
services/components/FileType.java
 services.components.FileType
services/MonetaryUnitService.java
 services.MonetaryUnitService
 services.MonetaryUnitService$1
services/AbstractService.java
 services.AbstractService
 services.AbstractService$1
 services.AbstractService$2
servlets/StockServlet.java
 servlets.StockServlet
servlets/CryptocurrencyServlet.java
 servlets.CryptocurrencyServlet
services/components/FileFabric.java
 services.components.FileFabric
 services.components.FileFabric$1
services/PreciousMetalService.java
 services.PreciousMetalService
 services.PreciousMetalService$1
services/StockService.java
 services.StockService
 services.StockService$1
servlets/MonetaryUnitServlet.java
 servlets.MonetaryUnitServlet
servlets/PreciousMetalServlet.java
 servlets.PreciousMetalServlet
models/DAOs/proxy/ProxyFabric.java
 models.DAOs.proxy.ProxyFabric
services/CryptocurrencyService.java
 services.CryptocurrencyService
 services.CryptocurrencyService$1
